Chinese Tea Culture
China is a country with a time-honored civilization and also a land of ceremony and decorum. Whenever guests visit, it is necessary to make and serve tea to them. Before serving tea, you may ask them for their preferences as to what kind of tea they fancy, and serve them the tea in the most appropriate teacups.In the course of serving tea, the host should take careful note of how much water remains in the guests' cups. 
Usually, if the tea is made in a teacup, boiling water should be added into the cup when half of the tea in it has been consumed; and thus the cup is kept filled and the tea retains the same bouquet.

The Chinese Knot
The Chinese knot is a kind of traditional and typical folk hand-woven decoration in China. In Chinese language, "jie (a knot)" means reunion, amity, peace and love, etc., so the Chinese knot is often used to express good wishes. Each knot is usually woven with only one silk cord or silk rope, and named according to its shape and meaning. Chinese knots are mainly made of various cords which can be silk, cotton, linen or nylon and so on. The Chinese knot is both practical and decorative, fully reflecting the charm of Chinese culture.

Tang Poetry
Tang poetry generally refers to poems written during the Tang Dynasty (618 A.D.-907A.D.). Tang poetry is one of the most valuable cultural heritages of the Han Chinese. Meanwhile,it also has a great influence on the cultural development of neighboring ethnic groups and nations. The most widely spread among Tang poems are definitely the poems that are included in the "Three Hundred Poems of the Tang Dynasty", many of which are quite popular with people of later generations. There are lots of poets in Tang Dynasty, among whom Li Bai and Du Fu are world-famous. Many of the two great poets' works are household poems.

Mencius
Mencius is a great ideologist and educator in the Warring States Period. A hundred years after Confucius died, Mencius taught and expanded Confucian doctrine.His philosophical thinking has its origin in Confucius' thoughts. Mencius believes that human nature is essentially good, and it is society's influence that causes the degradation of morality. For that reason, he attaches great importance to moral education.Mencius' mother plays an important role in his life. She moved home three times only to find an environment that she felt was suitable for the child's upbringing.

The West Lake
The West Lake, located in the western area of Hangzhou's center, is one of the top three lakes in the regions south of the Yangtze River. Because of it, Hangzhou has been acclaimed as "a heaven on earth" since ancient times. The West Lake is like a shining pearl inlaid on the vast land, renowned for its beautiful scenery, well-known historical sites, brilliant culture,and plentiful local specialties. The literary giant Su Shi in Song Dynasty left a poetic masterpiece through the ages there: The West Lake is like the beauty Xi Shi, who is always charming with either light or heavy make-up (rainy or shiny). The Legend of White Snake also brings the West Lake an air of mystery.

Jiaozi
Jiaozi, or dumpling is a kind of food stuffed with filling inside a wheat wrapper. As a quite traditional food in Northern China, it is very popular among Han Chinese. Jiaozi is absolutely necessary when the Chinese people celebrate the Spring Festival and other festivals. It is said that jiaozi was invented by China's famous ancient doctor Zhang Zhongjing. The reason for naming the food as "jiaozi" is very simple: because "jiaozi" is homophonous to the Chinese phrase "change of year",which means the transition from the old to the new. As the Spring Festival marks the start of a new year, 
people choose to eat jiaozi to express their best wishes for the New Year. This tradition has remained unbroken despite the change of times.

Human Flesh Search
"Human Flesh Search" may be one of the hottest words in China's cyberspace. 
It refers to the massive collaboration of the netizens to identify and release as much information on a targeted individual or group as possible. For the vast number of Chinese Internet users, the human flesh search has become an effective tool in exposing corruption, fraudulence and injustice.However, every coin has two sides. The human flesh search may sometimes be misused for ulterior purposes. Therefore, laws and regulations must be made to ensure its healthy development.

TV Dating Show
A TV dating show is an entertainment reality show featuring blind dates and marriage seeking. The topics discussed in the show have gone far beyond the scope of love or marriage including those popular topics in the current Chinese society,such as money worship, housing mortgage slave, and 3S ladies,etc. For example, a female contestant in one dating show said when she rejected the courting of her suitor, said: "I'd rather sit and cry in a BMW than laugh on the backseat of a bicycle." Despite all its criticism, a TV dating show provides a brand-new dating platform for busy young single people.

Positive Energy
Positive energy, originally as a term in physics, has been given a new meaning recently and become popular rapidly. In contrast to negative energy, positive energy refers to a kind of healthy, optimistic and vigorous power and emotion,giving us confidence and hope and encouraging us to pursue a happy life constantly. This term is particularly popular on the Internet currently. Large amounts of stories and pictures full of positive energy appear on the Internet frequently. All the vigorous and inspiring people and stories are labeled with "positive energy" by netizens.

Shanzhai (Copycatting)
"Shanzhai" (copycatting) is a new and popular term used to describe a certain social phenomenon.Main features of "shanzhai" products are as follows: they are counterfeits; they are produced quickly and their consumers are ordinary people. These products are mainly produced by individual workshops to quickly imitate famous brands of various fields such as cell phones, digital product and video game players. Nowadays, everything on the Internet has its "shanzhai" version such as shanzhai cell phones, shanzhai computers, shanzhai "Bird's Nest" and even shanzhai star.
